storethat
================

<style> body {text-align: justify} </style>

[![lifecycle](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)

[storethat](https://bautheac.github.io/storethat/) is one of the
workhorses for data ETL (extract, transform, load) work in the
[finRes](https://bautheac.github.io/finRes/) suite where it plays the
important role of providing an off-Bloomberg storage facility for
financial data retrieved from Bloomberg using the
[pullit](https://bautheac.github.io/pullit/) package.
[storethat](https://bautheac.github.io/storethat/) and
[pullit](https://bautheac.github.io/pullit/) work in conjunction with
the [BBGsymbols](https://bautheac.github.io/BBGsymbols/) package that
provides carefully selected Bloomberg datafields for
[pullit](https://bautheac.github.io/pullit/) to query data for and for
[storethat](https://bautheac.github.io/storethat/) to store the
corresponding retrieved data. Both packages are flexible to
[BBGsymbols](https://bautheac.github.io/BBGsymbols/) content dynamics in
that enhancing [BBGsymbols](https://bautheac.github.io/BBGsymbols/) with
new datafield(s) wonâ€™t alter data queries in
[pullit](https://bautheac.github.io/pullit/) nor
[storethat](https://bautheac.github.io/storethat/) storage facilities
with any existing database eventually upgrading for the new field(s) on
first encounter.  
Install the development version with
`devtools::install_github("bautheac/storethat")`.
